# Blislead

  1.	Introduction  Brimas media is a printing and branding company that has been in business for a period of time. we are an industry leader and trusted innovator in commercial printing, large format printing, cooperate branding and promotional items. 1.1	Goals and Objectives 1.1.1 Our vision: To be the one stop Centre, providing excellent and efficient customer care and services to our customers and stake holders. 1.1.2 Our Mission: To avail our clients with the best printing solutions and services at competitive market prices. 1.1.3 Our Purpose: To establish sustainable relationships with our clients, as the leading service provider in the printing, branding and advertising industry. 1.1.4 Core Values: We take initiative to treat our clients with respect. We provide the ultimate solution for your printing needs. Our services are designed to transform the client’s ideas into professional solutions, marketing deliverables and Promotional items.    1.2	   problem statement: The system is needed to have an organized channel of activities at Brimas Media. There is need to have a linkage of all departments to reinforce team work, and efficiency. A proper flow of all activities will provide room for better monitoring and evaluation, where most of the results are self-generated that is departmental reports, cash flow, and expenditure reports, invoices etc. The following areas should be bridged by the system: 	Provide a better flow of company activities by linking all the departments:  •	Sales and marketing •	Finance and Admin •	 Design and Creative •	 Production •	 Transport and logistics 	Provide reporting templates for all the departments. 	Organizational flow of production activities to ensure efficiency (duration for production and delivery) to meet client’s expectations. 	Provide a better assessment of quality products and services by providing proper assessment guidelines to the quality assurance team.  1.3	Other Specifications 	The system to aid accounts in sending automatic reminders to clients who have been invoiced especially when the payment is due/ overdue. 	The system must have production order template, for both walk in client’s orders and those that come in through email as follows: WALK IN CLIENT -	Order is placed with cashier – payment or deposit payment is made- order is signed off and Approved by finance- order sent to production and Approved by production manager- sample is prepared and signed off by client before production begins- items are ready within the stipulated delivery time- quality assurance verifies products to match the order placed to ensure these meet the right quantities, specification and no errors, that is final production must look like the Approved sample.   ORDERS BY EMAIL -RFQ is sent by client- samples are presented before quotation- one client chooses samples, quotation is prepared and sent by finance and admin- once order is confirmed and LPO is sent, order is entered in the order book approved by finance and sent to production – Pre production sample is done- once it is approved- mass production begins- goods are produced and delivered within the stipulated production period- ready items are verified against order book.  	The system must have a daily sales reconciliation report that is cash inflow, expenses and amount banked to match all the receipt books. 	Under production, the must give template for material accountability. Office inventory used that is materials bought by the office but are used for production like Toners especially those bought in bulk. Should also have provision for accountability for office stationery usage.   2.	Organization Structure Specification  The System will support the following departments: 	Sales and marketing 	 Finance and Admin 	Design and Creative 	 Production 	 Transport and logistics. The System will also manage organization wide processes and functionalities including HR related functionalities like Pay roll and employee management.  2.1	 Organization Information, Communication and Reporting Specification                            2.1.1     Work Content Production o	We have machinery at the office premises where work is done, company buys materials from the market to enable production. The company has a digital printer that deals with all paper printable. The work is only out sourced if the quantities are big and require offset printing as it turns out to be cheaper. In this case different paper is bought and used when there is an order. The Digital printer also prints office stationary like letter heads, envelopes etc. o	The Roland is a large format printer company uses to print banners, stickers, posters, pull up banners, etc. o	The sublimation machine prints flags, teardrop banners, cloth material. The jobs the company receives where we don’t have machines are out sourced from either out of the country or from other service providers within who can provide a similar service. o	All orders are registered before any production, signed off and Approved by the client, production and the finance department. o	Before production, samples are also signed off by the client. o	Production is responsible for ensuring the final product produced matches the samples, this is part of the verification process before items. o	It is also responsible for providing accountability for all material used during production especially those done using company machinery.   Finance and Admin  o	Prepare monthly reports, P&L, Cash flow statement, Sales report, Expense report, Expense by each cost Centre, Incomes from each department, Cost center for staff, Budgeting, Material usage report, financial Ratio, Debtors report, Creditors report, Bank reconciliation, cash report   o	We want to find three items on your menu. o	  Balance o	  Income statement o	Financial reports o	The “financial report” item will be used if you want to produce a report from the generator for accounts coming from the balance and the income statements. o	Although ordinary in Appearance, this window offers a multitude of possibilities. You may print each report in detailed format, by nature, consolidated for several companies and so on. Therefore, it is important to understand what each option will offer in terms of result. We recommend that you print out each report when setting up the system in order to choose those most suited to your needs. o	You may print out the following balance sheets o	  Comparative current year / Previous year o	Comparative current year / Budget o	  Comparative current year / Period / Previous quarter and the following profit-and-loss statements: o	  Current period / Previous year o	   Current period / Budget o	 Current period / Year-to-date o	    Current period / Year-to-date / Percentages o	    Current period / Year-to-date / Budget / Difference o	   Current period + Prior periods o	   Year-to-date / Budget-to-date / Annual budget o	   Current quarter / Year-to-date / Budget                         Roles of Finance and Admin o	Prepare quotations o	Manage company cash and expenses o	Manage company receipts and expenses o	Ensure banking is done in a timely manner. - Reconciliation o	Responsible for sending debt reminders to clients o	Manage and issue invoices, Receipts, Delivery notes etc. to clients. o	Stock taking o	File returns  o	Updating asset registrar  o	Debtors and credit management o	Writing minutes o	Over all supervision of all departments o	Prepare Bid documents.  Sales and Marketing o	In charge of marketing the company and making sales o	Ensure they keep in touch with the clients to existing clients to maintain a good clientele relationship. o	Make field visits to new clients o	Make follow ups by sending course calls to clients. o	Using social media platforms to market company o	Ensure proper, creative branding for customers working hand in hand with the design and creative department. o	Making a follow up on quotations sent out to clients. o	Making follow ups on orders from clients, and ensuring the right products are delivered in time. o	Making follow ups on bids submitted, attending bid opening and follow up on most successful bidder notices. o	Preparing proposals and presentations for prospective clients.  o	Share daily reports on activities performed. o	Share suggestions from time and again on improving sales. o	Inform management of any upcoming campaigns were Brimas could Partner and also get brand visibility. o	Participate in exhibitions on behalf of the company like Annual trade show o	Ensuring Proper storage of samples, present and also ensure samples are returned.   Transport and Logistics o	Deliver the right items that have been verified and signed off by head of quality assurance.  o	Make purchases on behalf of the company. o	Ensure items are delivered in time. o	Transporting company staff o	In charge of all company vehicles, and motor Bikes. Sales Department o	Sales personnel/ department is/ are required to ensure sales are made,  follow ups on quotations sent, follow up on bids where company, and ensure right orders are taken and delivered on time. o	 Finance and admin ( Anitah and Sam) o	Respond to quotations o	Financial reports o	Identifying right suppliers for the company, both reliable and offering competitive prices. o	Provide accountability and manage petty cash o	Ensure production of items is done and delivered in time. o	Follow up with pending payments o	Issue the right documentation to clients ie receipts, invoices, order books, job cards etc. Transport and logistics  o	Ensure only verified items are delivered   2.2.2	Work Flow, Role Description, Decision Making and Control Specification 	Each of the requirements described above are small processes that may require information to move from one department to another or from one user to the other. For each area, identify the small processes, Describe information flow, the users involved and the rights/role each user should have. 2.2.3	Reporting  	For each area/Department, List and describe the type and format of the reports needed.          3.	Technical Specifications   3.1	 Basic Structure of the System  The System will basically be an integrated enterprise resource planning application with four major modules: Accounting Module, Procurement and Supply Management Module, Hr Management Module, Customer Relationship Management Module. The suggested name for the System is BrimasLead. These modules will however be applied seamlessly in BrimasLead without necessarily demarcating the specific module.   This will work in a way that each user will be assigned rights and the user will access the module according to the rights that they have been granted. For example, when a user with accountant rights logs into the system, they will access the account module window and resources. This means different users will access the system differently according to their roles. This is to help in the ownership and accountability of records.  The system will have a user Dashboard where common functionalities will be shared. These may include but not limited to: Employee Profile-Personal (Contact, email, emery contact, bank account etc.); Job (Job Information, Job family framework, Performance etc.); User Photo and Menu to other modules depending on what they are doing. The System will be purely web based though it will be able to be deployed as standalone or on the LAN network         3.1.1 Workflow Involved  3.1.1.1	Accounts Workflow:  It’s expected to offer a simple way to create chart of accounts, ledgers, transactions, posting interface and financial reports. Basically, the financial reports expected include but not limited to the following: •	Ledger statements •	General ledger statement •	Balance sheet (Statement of financial position) •	Profit and Loss statement •	Cash flow statement •	Trial balance  This accounting package will be designed in such a way that other business processes can be integrated with it. Such business processes include: Procurement and Supply Chain Management, Customer Relation Management, Pay Roll Management and Hr Management etc  Currency: Transactions and operations in the whole system will be conducted in multicurrency. The system will support 25 currencies. The system will however have a default currency where by an equivalent of each currency transacted will be kept in the default currency. Furthermore, an exchange rate from the default currency to each of the currencies supported by the system will be maintained on a daily basis. This will enable generation of reports in any of the currencies supported at any point in time by converting the default currencies equivalent to the currency specified using the stored daily exchange rate. 3.1.1.1.1	Data Model: The table below lists all the tables that will be included in our databases. The first column(S/N) shows the unique identifier for each table, the second column (Table) shows the table name, third column (Table Description) describes the purpose for the table, the fourth column (Columns) shows the columns under each table, the fifth column (Column S/N) shows the unique identifier for each column and lastly the  S/N	Table	Table Description	Columns	Column S/N	Column Description 01	General Ledger		Trn_Id	GL001	The unique identifier for each transaction. Will be the table Primary key 			Trn_Ref(Ref to Supplier/vendor, service provider, Customer)	GL 002	Unique identifiers for a reference say invoice number. 			Trn_No(Ref auto transact registration)	GL 003	System generated code for auto posting from the banking or mobile money systems 			Sys_Date	GL 004	The system date. Not known to the user. Does not change. 			Value_Date	GL 005	The material date for the transaction. Say invoice date, cheque maturity date 			Trn_Date	GL 006	The actual date when the transaction takes place in the system. 			Narration	GL 007	Notes appended to the transaction for more clarity. 			Debit_Amount	GL 008	Debit amount(Dr), for debit transactions 			Dr_Amnt_Default_Cy_Equiv	GL 009	Debit amount default currency equivalent is the equivalent amount of the default currency. If our default currency is set to be euro, then a posting on the dollar ledger will have an equivalent amount in Euros stored in this column. 			Credit_Amount	GL 010	Credit Amount 			Cr_Amnt_Default_Cy_Equiv	GL 011	Credit amount default currency equivalent is the equivalent amount of the default currency. If our default currency is set to be euro, then a posting on the dollar ledger will have an equivalent amount in Euros stored in this column. 			Running_Bal	GL 012	For query items, the balances 			Bal_Amnt_Default_Cy_Equiv	GL 013	Balance amount default currency equivalent is the equivalent amount of the default currency. If our default currency is set to be euro, then a posting on the dollar ledger will have an equivalent amount in Euros stored in this column. 			Dr_Cr_Code	GL 014	Debit transaction type identifier 			Trn_Family_Code	GL 015	Identifier for transactions in the same family. For example, dr cash, cr supplier both legs will have the same id. 			Trn_Type_Code	GL 016	System standard transactions identifier. Such as payments, savings, loan payments etc. 			Batch_Code	GL 017	Transactions will be batched. A batch may have different transaction types and family. 			Branch_Code(Ref branches )	GL 018	Uniquely identifies the Entity branch network. To help in preparing branch wise reports 			Department_Code(Ref departments)	GL 019	Uniquely identify the Entity departments, could be Marketing, Finance, Operations.  			Unit_Code(Ref units )	GL 020	Uniquely identifies the Entity units in case the entity wants to subdivide the departments 			Project_Code(Ref projects)	GL 021	Uniquely identifies a Project which could be at any level 			Job_Code(Ref jobs)	GL 022	Uniquely identifies a Job or process with in the unit, department or branch  			Language_Code	GL 023	Uniquely identifies the language in case  of internationalization of the system 			Currency_id(Ref Currencies)	GL 024	Uniquely identifies the currency in case  of internationalization of the system 			Trn_Initiater_Code(Ref users)	GL 025	Uniquely identifies the source of the trn. Could be from system, from user, from bank, mobile money etc. 			Ledger_Code(Ref ledgers)	GL 026	This is commonly known as the account number. Each party will have a ledger code 			Ledger_Name(Ref ledgers)	GL 027	The ledger name will interchangeably be used with the Ledger_Code 			Account_Type1_Code(Ref ledgers)	GL 028	First level account type identifier, whether it has a debit or credit balance 			Account_Type2_Code(Ref ledgers)	GL 029	Second level account type identifier, whether it’s an Asset, Expense, Liability, Revenue or Equity 			Account_Type3_Code(Ref ledgers)	GL030	Third level account type identifier, whether it’s a Current Asset, Non Current Asset, Expense, Current Liability, Non Current Liability Revenue or Equity 			Master_Ledger_Code(Ref Master Ledgers)	GL031	Unique identifier for the account. The account such as Transport expense will form chart of accounts. 			Master_Ledger_Name(Ref Master Ledgers)	GL032	This will be the account name. The account forms chart of accounts. 					 			Checker_Id(Ref Users)	GL033	The system will have two levels of authorization for transactions that will be subjected to setup. The checker id will be the first level. Could be by system or user. 			Approver_Id(Ref Users)	GL034	Uniquely identifies the second level of authorization of the trns. Could be by system or user. 			Trn_Time	GL035	Time stamp for the transaction time 			GlR_Col_1	GL036	General Ledger Reserve column one 			GlR_Col_2	GL037	General Ledger Reserve column two 			GlR_Col_3	GL038	General Ledger Reserve column three 			GlR_Col_4	GL039	General Ledger Reserve column four 02	Balances	To maintain the daily balances of the system	 Bal_Id	BL001	Unique identifier for each balance summarized per day 			Bal_Date	BL002	The date on which the balances are summarized. Will be the same as system date or transaction date 			Ledger_Code(Ref Ledgers)	BL003	This is commonly known as the account number. Each party will have a ledger code 			Ledger_Name(Ref Ledgers)	BL004	The ledger name will interchangeably be used with the Ledger_Code 			Master_Ledger_Code(Ref Master Ledgers)	BL005	Unique identifier for the account. The account such as Transport expense will form chart of accounts. 			Master_Ledger_Name(Ref Master Ledgers)	BL006	This will be the account name. The account forms chart of accounts. 			Ledger_Balance	BL007	The balance in question for the ledger. The summary amount that the ledger will be holding for that day. 			DBal_Amnt_Default_Cy_Equiv	BL008	Daily Balance default currency equivalent is the equivalent amount of the default currency. If our default currency is set to be euro, then a posting on the dollar account will have an equivalent amount in euros stores in this column. 			Master_Balance	BL009	The balance in question for the chart of account. The summary amount that the master ledger will hold for a particular day 			DMBal_Amnt_Default_Cy_Equiv	BL010	Daily Master Balance default currency equivalent is the equivalent amount of the default currency. If our default currency is set to be Euro, then a posting on the dollar account will have an equivalent amount in Euros stores in this column. 			Last_Update_Time	BL011	Time stamp for the last update 			Blr_col_1	BL012	Reserve column one for any balances need 			Blr_col_2	BL013	Reserve column two for any balances need 			Blr_col_3	BL014	Reserve column three for any balances need 			Blr_col_4	BL015	Reserve column four for any balances need 03	Transactions_End_SetUp 	This will hold details of the transaction setup.	TrnE_SetU_Id	TXESU001	The unique identifier for each transaction end created 			TrnE_C_Date	TXESU002	Transaction End creation date 			Currency_id (Ref Currencies)	TXESU003	Each Transaction End will be specified in a given currency. 			Dr_ Ledger_Code(Ref Ledgers)	TXESU004	Debit ledger code. This will reference the ledger code column in the ledgers table 			Dr_ Ledger_Name(Ref Ledgers)	TXESU005	Debit ledger Name. This will reference the ledger code column in the ledgers table 			Cr_ Ledger_Code(Ref Ledgers)	TXESU006	Credit ledger code. This will reference the ledger code column in the ledgers table 			Cr_ Ledger_Name(Ref Ledgers)	TXESU007	Credit ledger Name. This will reference the ledger code column in the ledgers table 			TrnE_level	TXESU008	Transaction end level. The system will allow creation of transactions end up to four levels.  The levels will determine the complete end to end transaction. A transaction end with four levels will have four Drs and four Crs all belonging to the same transaction family. 			TrnE_Amount	TXESU009	The amount that will be used in transactions. Could be set up as a constant value, variable or derived figure. The variable amount will be allowed at Transaction level one only in with execution type manual in which case the user has to input the amount 			Excution_Type	TXESU010	Execution type will either be categorized as MANUAL or SYSTEM. Transactions with execution type labeled manual will be completed by  			Exec_Cond_Id(References Execution Condition)	TXESU011	Provides the condition upon which the transaction end can execute 			TrnE_Narration 	TXESU012	Narration following the transaction 			TrnER_Col_1	TXESU013	Transaction execution reserve column one 			TrnER_Col_2	TXESU014	Transaction execution reserve column two 			TrnER_Col_3	TXESU015	Transaction execution reserve column Three 			TrnER_Col_4	TXESU016	Transaction execution reserve column four 					 04	Ledgers	The ledgers Table holds the details of the ledger created on each master ledger(The account)	Ledger_Code		The unique identifier for each ledger Sample=0000000001 			Ledger_Name		Name of the ledger  			Account_Type1_Code		Whether it has debit or credit balance 			Account_Type2_Code		Whether it’s an asset, expense, liability, Revenue or Equity 			Account_Type3_Code		Whether it’s a Current Asset, Non Current Asset, Current Liability, Non Current Liability, Equity, Revenue and Expense 			Master_Ledger_Code(Ref Master Ledgers)		Unique identifier for the account. The account such as “Transport expense” will form chart of accounts. 			Master_Ledger_Name(Ref Master Ledgers)		This will be the account name. The account forms chart of accounts. 			Branch_Code(Ref branches )		Uniquely identifies the Entity branch network. To help in preparing branch wise reports 			Department_Code(Ref departments)		Uniquely identify the Entity departments, could be Marketing, Finance, Operations.  			Unit_Code(Ref units )		Uniquely identifies the Entity units in case the entity wants to subdivide the departments 			Currency_id (Ref Currencies)		 			Product_id(Ref Products)		 sixth column (Column Description) shows the description for each column under the table. Briefly, the system will have thirteen tables to operate with.  3.1.1.1.2	General Ledger Table: The first and most important table will be the general ledger. The general ledger will basically be a table for all the transactions taking place in the organization. The general ledger will have 30 columns basically to help in summarizing and categorizing the transactions. 3.1.1.1.3	Balances Table: Balances will be summarized for each day and kept in a separate table. This will help in preparing reports since the reports require the balances for each date. For reports requiring the running balances such as the ledger statement, the running balances will be derived from these balances.  3.1.1.1.4	Transactions Setup Table: The system will be designed in such a way that transactions can be preset by the user. This will help in reusability of recurrent transactions but also will help non-technical users to post transactions in the system. The setup will allow mixing user initiated alongside system transactions to be setup together. For example, an expense transaction may involve two legs, one for realizing the source of payment and the other for the actual expense. During setup, the user can decide to only save the source of the payment like cash and the system completes the other two legs.  3.1.1.2	Raw Materials Procurement Workflow: The system will have an option of listing all the suppliers together with a list of the items and prices agreed upon ahead of time. The officer in charge of procurement will select the items for procurement from the catalog and create an order, this order will be automatically sent to the supervisor for approval, once approved, a quotation will be generated and automatically emailed to a pre-on boarded supplier and a copy of the quotation will also be sent to finance. On delivery of the items, the officer will receive the items in the system, and an Cost of production transaction(Payable) will be automatically raised in the accounting module. Once the payment is actually made, finance will manually post the payment. 3.1.1.3	Raw Materials Utilization Workflow: The system will keep a simple tracker for all the Raw Materials in possession by the production department, it will also provide a provision for updating the row materials as they are being utilized. The update will be put in the system when the items are removed from the store for utilization. The company will be expected to maintain a stock of these row materials. The system will also give alerts as the stock of materials is going down. 3.1.1.4	Production and Delivery Workflow: As illustrated from the structural specification in section 1.3, the production and delivery workflow will be divided into two parts depending on the source of the work. These will include work originating from walk in clients and one from the email as follows:                                           3.1.1.4.1 Walk in client 	Order will be placed with cashier, the cashier will create the client in the system with all the details Including-Client details, Order etc. and then the system will automatically generate an invoice which will be printed and given to the client.  	The system will also generate a receivable transaction against the invoice and automatically posted in the accounting module. At this point, a referral will be raised to the finance department waiting for payment to be made and approve the payment.  	Once the Details payment or deposit payment is made, finance will approve and a referral will be sent to production.  	Samples will be prepared and signed off by client and then production manager will approve the order before production begins. 	The production team will create time for completion in the system. 	After approval, the window for printing receipt will be active, the client will be presented with a payment receipt by the cashier 	 Items will be ready within the stipulated delivery time 	The production team will place the completion button in the system and a referral will be sent to the quality assurance team 	 quality assurance team will verify products to match the order placed to ensure these meet the right quantities, specification and no errors, that is final production must look like the Approved sample. They will then the final approval Note: At every stage, the order must be Received, acted on, and forwarded. Among the actions, the order can be approved, Rejected or deferred. When the order is rejected, it will completely fall off the queue, once deferred, it will return to the originator and once approved, it will be ready to be forwarded to the next stage. The forwarding will allow the user to select to the person or department to forward it to depending on the allowed departments that can be forwarded to.                                                    3.1.1.4.2  Orders by email 	Request for Quotation will be sent by our customer through the email (Depending on how we host our system, the clients can also raise the RFQ directly from our site). 	The admin will Receive the email and create the details in the system. After creating the details in the system, the order will be forwarded to the production department. 	The production team will receive the order in the system and prepare samples. Once the client chooses the samples then the production team will edit the order and forward the order to finance.  	Finance will Receive the order in the system and prepare a quotation and send it to the client. once order is confirmed and LPO is sent, Finance will place the Receivable button that will create a receivable in the system and accruing our income account. And will send the order to production. 	The production team will receive the order in the system and create time for completion in the system and start production. 	Once the Items are ready within the stipulated delivery time the production team will place the completion button in the system and a referral will be sent to the quality assurance team 	 quality assurance team will verify products to match the order placed to ensure these meet the right quantities, specification and no errors, that is final production must look like the Approved sample. They will then the final approval Note: At every stage, the order must be Received, acted on, and forwarded. Among the actions, the order can be approved, Rejected or deferred. When the order is rejected, it will completely fall off the queue, once deferred, it will return to the originator and once approved, it will be ready to be forwarded to the next stage. The forwarding will allow the user to select to the person or department to forward it to depending on the allowed departments that can be forwarded to.  3.1.1.5	Hr and Other Employee workflows: The system will include the following employee and Hr workflows: 	Leave and Absenteeism management 	Employee data Management 	Employee payroll including Rewards (Benefits, overtime, Bonuses etc.), Deductions (Tax, Nssf, pension), Gross Income, Net Income and Pay slips etc. 	Hiring, Termination and Retirement 	Recruitment 	Employee Expenses 	Promotion etc.                                            All these workflows will include maker checker controls(Initiator/Approver controls)   1.	The System Layout Structure                           Like all modern Systems, it will be a web-based System connected to the backend database server. There are various sections of the System. There are 3 categories of those sections which have 2 access levels that define which person can access what. The sections and access criteria are as below; i.	User section - Only members with active account can access ii.	Admin section - Only System administrator can access  Logical Sections and Accessibility  i.	User section - Only users with active account can access: For one to interact with Bramaslead, he or she must first be given an account. The user will sign up from the home page and then later the Admin will approve, assign roles and create dummy password for the user which will be able to use for logging in and creating their own passwords.                 ii.	Admin section - Only System administrator can access:  The System admin can have access to various facilities regarding the administration. Admin should be able to change some aspects of the System. Also other users can be System approved where necessary.        Components of the System  As per sections of the System, the System will have following components; 1.	Home Page 2.	Sign up page for Users  3.	Admin console for administration of the System 4.	User’s Dashboard        Over view of the Home Page 	As mentioned in the previous part of the functional specifications, there are 4 major components of the System. Those are as below; 1.	Home Page 2.	Sign up page for Users  3.	Admin console for administration of the System 4.	User’s Dashboard Each component has defined access levels. If a person has that access level then she/he can access the component and facilities provided by that component.  We will go through the details of component Home Page in this document. Home Details The home page is parent screen of the System. When official URL of the System will be entered in the web browser, home page should get opened. All the other components must be reachable from home page. 	This page has public access level. So, anyone should be able to view the page. It should be searchable in the Google web search engine. 	Home page should include the welcome panel in the upper area where System name, logo, company name and logo should be displayed.  	There are following major sub-components of the home page; 1.	Link for sign up page 2.	Login frame for admin/Agents and Members 3.	Link for Payment page 4.	EDAD return calculator 5.	Public notification area 6.	Advertisement panel  7.	About Us details 8.	Contact Us details Home page should also have quick links to for website of EDAD already existing and other necessary websites Let us see each of these components in detail. Link for Sign up Page 	There should be link provided for new users to sign up to the System. This should be accessible to anyone. This link should navigate user to the Sign up page. Login Frame -	Login frame should be visible on the home page. The frame should provide the facility to log in 2 categories of users - administrator of the System.  -	User has to enter username/email, password and user category for log in. -	If any of these fields is missing then login should fail and proper error message should be shown on login frame. -	User should get logged in only after entering correct username, password and category.  -	One category user should not be logged in as some other category. If user tries to log in with different category than she/he has, then login should fail even if username and password are entered correctly. -	If user cannot login because of incorrect username or password or category or combination of them then generic error message should be shown about the incorrect credentials. Error message should not contain which fields are incorrect. -	If user enters all correct information, then she/he should be logged in to the one of the 3 corresponding consoles as per the category of user.  Sign Up Page 	As mentioned in the previous part of the function specification, sign up page can be accessible to anyone through the link provided on the home page. 	The page should provide the facility to sign up users. A user should be able to select the category, either User or Admin and as per that form to fill required information should to be visible and accessible to the user. Information required to be collected from user at the time of sign up will depends on what category user has chosen that is either Member or Agent. Main User Sign Up After selecting a user category as Member, sign up panel for member should be visible and accessible to the user. Following information should be collected from user for member category. -	First Name, Last Name -	Username -	Password -	Contact number(Two contact numbers) -	Email Address -	ID(National Id/Driving Permit/Passport) -	Department -	Role -	Contact -	Email  Username should be unique throughout the system of the System. No two users of any kind should have same username. Required validation should be done on each field.  Facility should be provided to verify email address and contact number at the time of sign up. Sign up can be completed only after this verification.   	After user enter sign up button, all the fields should be validated as per requirement of that field, make sure all mandatory fields are filled with valid data Thank you note will be displayed after sign up is completed successfully. User will be instructed to go to the home page and login with her/his new credentials. Dashboard As mentioned in the previous parts of technical specifications, there are 2 main dashboards of the System; -	User Dashboard -	Admin Dashboard At the time of login user selects the user category that is User or admin and enter login credentials. On the valid entry user gets login on one of these dashboards as the category of the user. Let us go through each of them one by one. Common Features of All Dashboard  	All Dashboards should provide following common features; -	Change Password -	Change Email Id or Contact Number -	Sign Out -	Activity dashboard  -	Notifications etc.
